in today's video I'm going to be talking
a little bit about food plots are myths
around August here in North Carolina I
like to start working on my fault food
plots around this time of year usually
get them cleaned in the first or second
week except Tim going to be going over
we're going to be planting for our late
season food plot for fall we're going to
have Imperial whitetail winter greens
and imperial whitetail tall time tubers
so this has a bunch of different turnip
seeds and brassicas in it and now the
other one is the whitetail institute
all-time tubers now what this has it's
got tall time to burn the toll time to
return up seeing it as well as purple
top kernels what I always like to do
when i'm looking at a food plot mix is i
like little tag on the back of the bag
and it tells you exactly what's in here
so when you look on the back of the bag
of both the tall time turnips and the
winter greens um just goes over someone
to being a fence they're extremely cold
tolerant extremely attractive too dear
produces tons of food for deer it
specifically developed for whitetail
deer fast growing and easy to establish
just make sure you get done your soil
test and what everything that and these
are judged ready now another great thing
to plant is out your love oats on we've
seen gearing up in our plots until late
December in our own plots easy to plant
they'll grow almost anywhere on these
are just regular feed oats you do some
for jokes and stuff like that out there
we've never bought that we've always
just planted regular feed oh you can get
a 50-pound bags of these from southern
states
you